Added additional info on UWB and Proximity (#60)
oauth-wg/oauth-cross-device-security: draft-ietf-oauth-cross-device-security.md

- Physical connectivity: This is a good indicator of proximity, but requires specific ports, cables and hardware and may be challenging from a user experience perspective or may not be possible in certain settings (e.g., when USB ports are blocked or removed for security purposes). Physical connectivity may be better suited to dedicated hardware like FIDO devices that can be used with protocols that are resistant to the exploits described in this document.

> - Wireless proximity: Near Field Communications (NFC), Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), and Ultra Wideband (UWB) services can be used to prove proximity between the two devices. NFC technology is widely deployed in mobile phones as part of payment solutions, but NFC readers are less widely deployed. BLE presents another alternative for establishing proximity, but may present user experience challenges when setting up. UWB standards such as IEEE  802.15.4 and the IEEE 802.15.4z-2020 Amendment 1 enables secure ranging between devices and allows devices to establish proximity releative to each other [@IEEE802154].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wireless proximity: Near Field Communications (NFC), Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), and Ultra Wideband (UWB) services can be used to prove proximity between the two devices. NFC technology is widely deployed in mobile phones as part of payment solutions, but NFC readers are less widely deployed. BLE presents another alternative for establishing proximity, but may present user experience challenges when setting up. UWB standards such as IEEE  802.15.4 and the IEEE 802.15.4z-2020 Amendment 1 enable secure ranging between devices and allow devices to establish proximity releative to each other [@IEEE802154].
```
